EUROCARGO AT A GLANCE
A best-seller with nearly half a million satisfied Customers, NEW EUROCARGO has anticipated all major product innovations in its category
NEW EUROCARGO has anticipated all major product innovations  in its category
from turbocharging to Euro 5 engines.
It now sets another milestone by launching the exclusive HI-eSCR Euro6 after-treatment system.
Also introduced with the Euro 6 range are:
the new Tector 5 and Tector 7 engines
and a new automated 12-speed EUROTRONIC transmission covering a wider range of applications.
Both also help to reduce fuel consumption.
The new powertrains further expand NEW EUROCARGO’s overall offer:
4 and 6 cylinder engines – delivering from 160 to 320hp,
4x2 and 4x4 drive configurations,
manual, automated and fully-automatic transmissions,
14 Gross Vehicle Mass variants – from 6.5 to 19 tons,
15 wheelbases – from 2,790 to 6,570 millimetres
and 3 different cabs – including a high-roof sleeper version and a crew cab to accommodate up to 7 people including the driver.
PERFECT IN EVERY SITUATION